I need a carriage
There are still thousands of miles away from the Suspense Dao Bow
Even if you travel day and night
It also takes 3 months.
In addition, some aggregation orders are required.
It is difficult to raise intrinsic units, bills, etc
If you need anything else, go back and tell the master.
This Chiba Excalibur cannot be returned for the time being
Okay, give me three days to prepare.
Thank you, Elder Xu
You are the best disciple of my generation
He will also be the sect master of Yuan Men in the future
This is what we elders should do
You have been well healed for the past three days
Consolidate the realm
Yes
The carriage has everything you need
And some entanglement
Follow this road all the way west
There are my original affiliated forces within a thousand miles
You have Chiba Excalibur
You can ask them anything.
You're on your own going forward.
Thank you, sir
I was groomed to be determined
Since you choose to do it, you have no hesitation
Don't look back
Jin Zun Presbyterian Church Ocean
I'll wait for you at Yuanmen
Bring my sister-in-law back
OK
Lao Zhao, you too
Elder Xu, fellow disciples and brothers
It's getting late.
It's time for me to go.
Yuan Sect disciples obey orders
Anyang goes thousands of miles away
Yang I Yuan Men's Danger
All disciples should do their best as a half-teacher
salute
Congratulations to the chief